INDiA NON JUDICIAL
Government of National Capital Territory of Delhi
R500
Sausoe-Stamp
500R50035003500
Certllicsta No.
IN-DL18365956964498X
Certificate Issued Date
22-Dec-2025 02:05 PM
Account Reference
IMPACC (IV)/ dI1074803/ DELHI/ DL-SWD
Unique Doc. Reference
SUBIN-DLDL107480362190985913746X
Purchased by
TLG INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
Description of Document
Article 5 General Agreement
Property Description
Not Applicable
Consideration Price (Rs.)
0
:
(Zero)
First Party
TLG INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
Second Farty
 ESEC FORTE TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED
Stamp Duty Paid By
TLG INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
Stamp Du:ly AmOunt(Rs.)
500
(Five Hundred only).
TAR
 Dhan Singh Nagar
Advocate
R. No.-16726
New Dethi. INDIA
Expiry Date
31-1-2030
OF
Please write or type below this line.
AMENDMENT AGREEMENT
This Amendment Agreement ("Amendment") entered into on December 22, 2025 and made effective from January.
1, 2026 is made
Between
TLG INDIA PRIvATE LIMITeD (through its division Publicis Re: Sources), a company incorporated in India having its
registered office at 15th Floor, Urmi Estate, Tower A, 95, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Lower Parel (West),
 New Del
Statutory Alert:
1. The authenticity of this Stamp
he website/ Mobile App renders it in
2 The onus or checking the legitimacy is on the users of the certificate.
3. Ir case of ay discrepancy please inform the Competent Authority
Scanned with OKEN Scanner
ONE PART
puy
ESEC FORTE TEcHNOLOGIEs PRIVATE LIMITED, an organization registered & functioning under the applicable
laws of India having its office at 5th Floor, Caddie Commercial Tower, Aerocity, New Delhi, Delhi 110037
(hereinafter called as "Service Provider" which term shall unless excluded by or repugnant to the subject or
context, include its successors and permitted assignees) on the OTHER PART.
Both Company and Service Provider are collectively referred to as "Parties" and individually as "Party".
RECITALS:
WHEReAs, the Company and the Service Provider entered into a Vendor Agreement dated May O1, 2023
(hereinafter referred to as the "Principal Agreement"), and subsequently executed addendums, namely
Extension-cum-Amendment No. 1 dated August 12, 2024, and a further amendment document dated March 04,
2025, pursuant to which the Service Provider has been providing information services, solution products, and
compliance support to the Company.
WHEREAs, Parties have mutually agreed to further extend the Principal Agreement & amend its terms which are
to be read along with the Addendums on the terms as provided herein below.
NOW THEREFORE THIS AMenDMeNT WITNESSETH AS UnDER:
1.
That this Amendment and the terms contained herein are made effective from January 01, 2026.
2.
That the tenure of the Principal Agreement is hereby extended for a period until 31st December, 2026 on
which date the Principal Agreement shall stand expired & terminated with immediate effect.
3.
Both Parties hereby mutually agree for the following modifications to the Principal Agreement
3.1
 The Parties hereby agree to amend clause 4 (Tax Obligations of the Service Provider) and Clause
12 (Personal Information) of the Principal Agreement Provisions with the revised verbiage below..
4.
TAX OBLIGATIONS OF THE SERVICE PROVIDER
The Fee value is exclusive of all applicable indirect taxes, levies, duties, cess and surcharges..
4.1
 Any applicable indirect tax (such as GsT, etc.) should be charged over and above the Fee.
Anti-Profiteering Laws: For the purposes of Agreement, it is agreed between Parties that.
4.2
 in case of (a) any reduction in rate of tax or (b) any reduction in price or (b) any benefit of.
Input Tax credit (ITC) availed on any supply made by the Service Provider to the Company,.
the benefits accruing out of or relating thereto shall be passed on to the Company, by the
Service Provider, by way of commensurate reduction in prices and the same shall be
reflected in the invoices..
4.3
Obligations of Service Provider: The Service Provider shall comply with all GsT law
requirements, including but not limited to:
(a)
Invoicing and Documentation:.
NOTAR
Page 2 of 5
Dhan Singh Nagar.
Advocate
R. No.-16726
New Delhi, INDIA
Expiry Date
31-1-2030
Scanned with OKEN Scanner
 issuing invoices, debit notes, and credit notes in the prescribed format with
(i)
all mandatory details required for ITC.
(ii)
 mentioning 4/6-digit HSN/SAC codes corresponding to the goods/services
supplied.
(ili)
ensuring that the digitally signed e-invoice (if applicable) is received by the
Company within 5 days from the date of issuance.
(iv)
e-invoices shall have a valid QR Code/IRN generated by the GST portal.
(v)
raising invoices on the correct GSTIN/ISD GsTIN mentioned in this Agreement
or as communicated by the Company. Any errors in quoting GSTiN/IsD GSTIN
on the invoice or on the GsT Portal shall be the sole responsibility of the
Service Provider..
(b)
GST Return filing and ITC Compliance:
(i)
submitting timely & accurate periodic GsT returns as prescribed under the
GST law.
(ii)
Service Provider filing quarterly GST returns must use the Invoice Furnishing
Facility (IFF) on a monthly basis to enable the Company to claim ITC without.
 delay.
(ili)
 depositing GST within due dates, ensuring seamless Input Tax Credit
reconciliation.
4.4
The Service Provider shall, every month, or as and when demanded by the Company,
provide all the necessary documentary proof evidencing payment of GST and/or any other
tax by the Service Provider to the government in respect of the Fee paid under this
Agreement. In case of any discrepancy between amounts shown on the GST return filing.
website- www.gst.gov.in and amount reported on the tax invoice, the Parties (while.
faith to address the discrepancy to the reasonable satisfaction of both Parties with the
endeavour to ensure no loss of credit to the Company. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, in
the event if any non-compliance/ error is not rectified by the Service Provider, as discussed
above, within statutory time period, then the Company shall have the right to set off such
amount of GsT charged to it from the Service Provider including any loss suffered on
account of interest and penalties.
 Company reserves the right to withhold payments and release the same only when the
4.5
 corresponding GST charged on the invoice is reflected on the GST portal and any delay from
Service Provider in reporting the transactions on GST portal shall in turn delay the payment.
from Company and this delay would not be considered as breach of agreed payment terms
and the Company shall not be responsible to compensate the Service Provider on such
 delays.
4.6
E-Invoicing Compliance: If the Service Provider is not issuing E-invoices even though the
aggregate turnover for previous FYs from FY 2017-18 is more than notified turnover, then
the below declaration is mandated to be printed on the invoices issued by the Service
Provider:
from 2022-23 onwards is more than the aggregate turnover notified under sub-rule (4) of
rule 48, we are not required to prepare an invoice in terms of the provisions of the said sub-
rule '.....
NOTAR
Dhan Singh Nagar.
Page 3 of 5
Advocate
R. No.-16726
New DeIhi, INDIA
Expiry Date
31-1-2030
Scanned with OKEN Scanner
GST Registration details:
4.7
The GstiN of Publicis Sapient for the purposes of this Agreement is:e
Address of Premise
GSTIN/ ISDIN
TLG India Private Limited, Tower-B, Building No. 8,
Ground to 9th floor, Gurgaon Infospace Limited SEZ,.
06AACC1756E2Z2
Sector-21,Village Dundahera,Haryana
The GstIN of EsEC Forte Technologies Private Limited for the purposes of this Agreement
is:
Address of Premise
GSTIN
5th Floor, Caddie Commercial Tower, Aerocity, New
07AACCE6519P2Z6
 Delhi, Delhi 110037
4.8
Provider as per the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961, and the applicable rules
thereunder. The rate and amount of TDS shall be in accordance with the prevailing laws at
the time of payment..
 The Company shall provide the Service Provider with a TD5 certificate in Form 16A/16B (as
4.9
will reflect the amount deducted and deposited with the government..
4.10  The Service Provider shall provide its Permanent Account Number (PAN) at the time of
entering into this Agreement. In the absence of a valid PAN, the Company shall deduct TDS
at the higher rate as specified under Section 206AA of the Income Tax Act, 1961..
4.11
 If the Service Provider claims that no TDs is applicable or seeks a lower deduction, it shall.
furnish a valid certificate under Section 197 or any other relevant documentation under
applicable law. If TDs is not deducted based on the Service Provider's representation, the
Service Provider must submit Form 26A, duly certified by a chartered accountant, in
accordance with Rule 31AcB of the Income Tax Rules, 1962, confirming that the
corresponding income has been duly offered to tax..
4.12  In addition to the same the Service Provider and the Company must reply to any notices
received from tax department under Section 133 pertaining to the transaction entered into
with the Company and Services provided in any subsequent year post completion of
Services.
4.13
 Failure to provide Form 26A within the prescribed timeframe, or if the tax authorities
 disallow the expense due to non-deduction of TDs, shall render the Service Provider liable
to indemnify the Company against any tax, interest, penalty, or disallowance arising
thereof.
4.14 The Company shall not be liable for any penalties, interest, or other consequences arising
due to the Service Provider's failure to camply with tax laws, including failure to provide
accurate details for TDS compliance.e
4.
part of the Principal Agreemente
Dhan Singh Nagar.
Page 4 of 5
Advocate
R. No.-16726
New Dehi, INDIA
Expiry Date
31-1-2030
Scanned with OKEN Scanner
27.
ACCESSIBILITY
 duration of this Agreement:
any software, website, system, platform or tool ("Solution") provided by the Service
(a)
 Provider for provision of Services under the Agreement and/or any sow will conform with
currently agreed at AA level (WcAG 2.1 AA). Service Provider warrants that wCAG
standards will be met at the time of delivery and throughout the Term of the Agreement
and/or applicable sow, and will also apply to any revisions, updates, patches, and new
releases made to the Solution. Service Provider shall maintain and retain, subject to review
by the Company, full documentation of the measures taken to ensure that such software,
website or tool is in compliance with wcAG 2.1 AA standard, including records of any
automated, manual and user testing ar simulations conducted.
(b)
If Service Provider claims the Solution satisfies the latest wcAG standard, and it is later
determined by Company that any part of the Solution is not in compliance with the latest
WCAG standard, Company will promptly inform Service Provider in writing of the non-
compliance, and Service Provider shall, at no cost to Company, remediate Solution within
the time period specified by Company. If the Service Provider fails timely to make the
remediation, the Company may, in addition to any other rights or remedies:
(i)
 terminate the Agreement or the applicable sOw without termination liabilities and/
or
(ii)
 perform, or have performed any necessary remediation, and Service Provider shall
 promptly reimburse the Company (or the Company may credit against any sums due
to Service Provider) the amount of any expenses incurred thereby.
This Amendment shall form an integral part of the Principal Agreement. All terms and conditions of the
5.
Principal Agreement (which to the extent have not been amended herein), shall continue to be in force
and binding on both the Parties.
 IN wiTnEss wHeReOF the Parties hereto have executed this Amendment through its authorized signatories on
the first day written above.
 For and on behalf of
For and on behalf of
TLG INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
ESEC FORTE TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED
(through its division Publicis Re:Sources)
Signature ;
Signature
Name
 Name
: Sachin Kumar
Title
Title
: VP-Technology
rESTED
Dhan Singh Nagar
ATT
 Advocate
R. No.-16726
Page 5 of 5
New Delhi, INDIA
NOTARY PUBLIC
Expiry Date
DELHI
31-1-2030
2 2 DEC 2025
Scanned with OKEN Scanner